oncNurse2, carPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse2, carPat1carItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat2HR, addItem
carPat2, carPat2HR, addNote
oncNurse2, oncPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat2nursingItem, read
oncPat1, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat1nursingItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat1carItem, read
oncPat2, oncPat2oncItem, read
carPat1, carPat1carItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat2noteItem, read
carNurse1, carPat1nursingItem, read
carPat2, carPat2carItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat1noteItem, read
carPat2, carPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat2carItem, read
carNurse2, carPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat1oncItem, read
carNurse2, carPat1carItem, read
carNurse1, carPat2nursingItem, read
carNurse2, carPat1nursingItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat2nursingItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat2nursingItem, read
carNurse1, carPat1HR, addItem
carNurse2, carPat2noteItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat2oncItem, read
carNurse1, carPat2carItem, read
carNurse1, carPat2HR, addItem
carNurse2, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse2, carPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat2carItem, read
carNurse2, carPat1HR, addItem
carPat1, carPat1HR, addNote
oncPat2, oncPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncPat1, oncPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat2HR, addItem
carNurse1, oncPat2HR, addItem
carNurse1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat1HR, addItem
carNurse2, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat2nursingItem, read
oncPat2, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat2oncItem, read
oncPat1, oncPat1HR, addNote
carNurse2, carPat2carItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat1HR, addItem
carNurse2, oncPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat2HR, addItem
carNurse1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncPat2, oncPat2HR, addNote
oncNurse2, oncPat1HR, addItem
carNurse1, carPat1carItem, read
carPat2, carPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat2oncItem, read
carNurse1, carPat1noteItem, read
oncPat1, oncPat1noteItem, read
carPat1, carPat1nursingItem, read
carPat1, carPat1noteItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat2oncItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat1noteItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat1noteItem, read
carNurse2, carPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat2noteItem, read
carNurse2, carPat1noteItem, read
