Commong lines / Lines that are correct: 18
carNurse1, carPat1HR, addItem
carNurse1, carPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse1, carPat2HR, addItem
carNurse2, carPat1HR, addItem
carNurse2, carPat2HR, addItem
carNurse2, carPat2nursingItem, read
carPat1, carPat1HR, addNote
carPat1, carPat1noteItem, read
carPat2, carPat2HR, addNote
oncNurse1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse1, oncPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat1nursingItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncPat1, oncPat1HR, addNote
oncPat1, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncPat2, oncPat2HR, addNote

Only in ACL 1 (under permissions): 25
anesDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
anesDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
carAgent1, carPat2HR, addNote
carAgent1, carPat2noteItem, read
carAgent2, carPat2HR, addNote
carDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
carDoc1, carPat1carItem, read
carDoc2, carPat1carItem, read
carDoc2, carPat2HR, addItem
carDoc2, carPat2carItem, read
doc1, oncPat2oncItem, read
doc2, carPat2carItem, read
oncAgent1, oncPat2HR, addNote
oncAgent1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncAgent2, oncPat2HR, addNote
oncDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncDoc1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat2oncItem, read
oncDoc2, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc2, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncDoc3, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc3, oncPat2oncItem, read
oncDoc4, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc4, oncPat2oncItem, read

Only in ACL 2 (over permissions): 62
carNurse1, carPat1carItem, read
carNurse1, carPat1noteItem, read
carNurse1, carPat2carItem, read
carNurse1, carPat2noteItem, read
carNurse1, carPat2nursingItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat1HR, addItem
carNurse1, oncPat1noteItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat1oncItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat2HR, addItem
carNurse1, oncPat2noteItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat2nursingItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat2oncItem, read
carNurse2, carPat1carItem, read
carNurse2, carPat1noteItem, read
carNurse2, carPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse2, carPat2carItem, read
carNurse2, carPat2noteItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat1HR, addItem
carNurse2, oncPat1noteItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat1oncItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat2HR, addItem
carNurse2, oncPat2noteItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat2nursingItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat2oncItem, read
carPat1, carPat1carItem, read
carPat1, carPat1nursingItem, read
carPat2, carPat2carItem, read
carPat2, carPat2noteItem, read
carPat2, carPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse1, carPat1carItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat1nursingItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse1, carPat2carItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat1nursingItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat2oncItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse2, carPat1carItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat1nursingItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse2, carPat2carItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat2nursingItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat2oncItem, read
oncPat1, oncPat1nursingItem, read
oncPat1, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncPat2, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncPat2, oncPat2nursingItem, read
oncPat2, oncPat2oncItem, read

Total different lines: 87
