doc1, oncPat2oncItem, read
doc2, carPat2carItem, read
oncPat2, oncPat2HR, addNote
carNurse1, carPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc2, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc4, oncPat2HR, addItem
carPat1, carPat1noteItem, read
carDoc2, carPat2HR, addItem
oncPat1, oncPat1HR, addNote
oncNurse1, oncPat1HR, addItem
carPat2, carPat2HR, addNote
carNurse1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat1HR, addItem
carPat1, carPat1HR, addNote
anesDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
anesDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
carNurse2, carPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc3, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncPat1, oncPat1noteItem, read
carNurse2, carPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat1oncItem, read
carDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
carDoc2, carPat1carItem, read
