csStu5, cs602gradebook, readScore,
csStu5, cs601gradebook, readMyScores,
csStu5, cs602gradebook, addScore
eeStu5, ee602gradebook, addScore
eeStu4, ee601gradebook, readMyScores,
csStu4, cs601gradebook, readMyScores,
csStu2, cs601gradebook, readScore,
eeStu5, ee602gradebook, readScore,
eeStu5, ee601gradebook, readScore,
csStu3, cs602gradebook, addScore
csStu5, cs602gradebook, readMyScores,
eeStu3, ee602gradebook, addScore
csStu5, cs601gradebook, readScore,
eeStu2, ee601gradebook, readMyScores,
csStu3, cs602gradebook, readScore,
csStu2, cs601gradebook, readMyScores,
eeStu5, ee601gradebook, readMyScores,
csStu2, cs601gradebook, addScore
csStu5, cs601gradebook, addScore
csStu1, cs101gradebook, readMyScores,
csStu4, cs601gradebook, addScore
eeStu2, ee601gradebook, addScore
eeStu5, ee602gradebook, readMyScores,
csStu1, cs101gradebook, addScore
eeStu1, ee101gradebook, readScore,
csStu3, cs602gradebook, readMyScores,
eeStu4, ee601gradebook, readScore,
eeStu1, ee101gradebook, readMyScores,
eeStu3, ee602gradebook, readMyScores,
eeStu3, ee602gradebook, readScore,
eeStu2, ee601gradebook, readScore,
eeStu5, ee601gradebook, addScore
csStu1, cs101gradebook, readScore,
csStu4, cs601gradebook, readScore,
eeStu1, ee101gradebook, addScore
eeStu4, ee601gradebook, addScore
