oncDoc2, oncPat1oncItem, read
anesDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse1, oncPat2nursingItem, read
doc2, carPat2carItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc4, oncPat2HR, addItem
anesDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
carDoc2, carPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat1nursingItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat1HR, addItem
carDoc2, carPat2carItem, read
carNurse2, carPat2HR, addItem
doc1, oncPat2oncItem, read
oncDoc4, oncPat2oncItem, read
oncDoc1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc2, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc3, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat2HR, addItem
carDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat1oncItem, read
carDoc1, carPat1carItem, read
carNurse1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc3, oncPat2oncItem, read
carNurse2, carPat2nursingItem, read
carNurse1, carPat1nursingItem, read
carNurse1, carPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat2oncItem, read
carDoc2, carPat1carItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat1HR, addItem
carNurse2, carPat1HR, addItem
