oncAgent2, carPat1noteItem, read
carDoc1, carPat2noteItem, read
carPat2, carPat1noteItem, read
anesDoc1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncPat1, oncPat1noteItem, read
carPat2, oncPat2noteItem, read
carAgent2, carPat1noteItem, read
carPat2, carPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc4, oncPat1noteItem, read
carDoc1, oncPat2noteItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat1noteItem, read
doc1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncAgent1, oncPat1noteItem, read
doc1, oncPat1noteItem, read
doc1, carPat1noteItem, read
anesDoc1, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncDoc3, oncPat2noteItem, read
carPat1, carPat2noteItem, read
carAgent1, carPat1noteItem, read
oncAgent1, carPat1noteItem, read
oncPat1, oncPat2noteItem, read
carAgent2, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncAgent2, oncPat2noteItem, read
carAgent1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat1noteItem, read
carPat1, carPat1noteItem, read
carAgent1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc2, carPat1noteItem, read
carPat1, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncPat2, carPat1noteItem, read
doc2, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat2noteItem, read
carAgent2, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc2, oncPat2noteItem, read
carDoc1, carPat1noteItem, read
oncDoc2, oncPat1noteItem, read
anesDoc1, carPat2noteItem, read
carPat2, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncAgent2, oncPat1noteItem, read
doc1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncPat2, carPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat1noteItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat2noteItem, read
carNurse2, carPat2noteItem, read
doc2, carPat1noteItem, read
carDoc2, carPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc2, carPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc4, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc4, carPat2noteItem, read
carNurse1, carPat1noteItem, read
carDoc2, oncPat1noteItem, read
anesDoc1, carPat1noteItem, read
oncDoc1, oncPat1noteItem, read
carDoc1, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat2noteItem, read
oncAgent1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncPat2, oncPat1noteItem, read
carNurse2, oncPat1noteItem, read
carNurse1, oncPat1noteItem, read
carAgent2, carPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc3, carPat2noteItem, read
oncAgent2, carPat2noteItem, read
carNurse2, carPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncPat2, oncPat2noteItem, read
carPat1, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncPat1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc3, carPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse2, carPat1noteItem, read
doc2, oncPat2noteItem, read
carAgent1, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncAgent1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat2noteItem, read
oncPat1, carPat1noteItem, read
oncDoc3, oncPat1noteItem, read
carDoc2, oncPat2noteItem, read
doc2, carPat2noteItem, read
carNurse1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc1, carPat1noteItem, read
oncDoc1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc4, carPat1noteItem, read
carDoc2, carPat1noteItem, read
